[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Greetings to Reuben.
This is Aridif.
>> Greetings.
Hello there.
Good to talk to you again.
>> Yes.
It is a very great
pleasure to speak to you
in these moments again,
understanding above all things
that you are loved.
>> Thank you.
>> I know that you have
many queries in this day.
You may begin at your leisure.
>> You seem to have a
really good understanding
and explanation, at
least in my terminology
and my understanding and
others, to resonate with
your explanation of kind
of how the universe works,
different states
of consciousness.
And I kind of wanted to go
into that arena with you
today for the audience
as well, if that's OK.
>> Yes.
It is of utmost
excitement to be here
with you to co-create any
understandings you further
wish to reflect.
The universal construct
is one of our favorite
to incorporate into
teachings as we know
Rob enjoyes it highly also.
>> Yes.
In fact, we just spoke with Rob.
And he was explaining the
different terminologies of--
or at least his perspective
and his understanding
of densities and dimensions.
And that seems to be a common
theme used from our higher
density, higher dimensional
friends, beings,
who tend to come in and share
these amazing messages with us.
And maybe we can start there
with this idea of ascending
into the fifth dimension.
That's a common
theme, a common topic.
It seems to be the main theme
of my series at the moment.
And would you like to
comment a little bit
about the fifth dimension?
And what does that mean
from your perspective?
And how do you see
the human collective
integrating and evolving
into this fifth dimensional
consciousness?
What is that?
>> Yes.
First of all, to define
fifth density consciousness,
or fifth dimensional more so,
to express what Rob has already
placed within in front of
you is an apt description.
But we wish to
express what it is we
perceive within our own view.
As we are looking
into consciousness,
the way it integrates from your
higher fractal consciousness
to lower fractal
consciousness, this
is the sliding of consciousness
in scale that we see
and how we define
this measurement.
When you are perceiving,
your own consciousness
being a larger portion and
integrating small portions
in your growth, this
shows you expansion.
It shows you manifestations
of growth, manifestations
of the ability to manifest.
And all of these things show
you this great opportunity
to expand and to grow.
But in the fifth
dimensional consciousness,
this is where growth
takes leap and bounds.
In your previous
evolution as humans,
you have experienced a
great deal of many things.
You experience a short
lifetime in your very earliest
of human years because there
was nothing for a human
to do but live and exist.
To eat, to hunt, to gather.
Then as you continue to grow,
the age of your physical bodies
expanded.
And they expand for the reason
of the experience needed.
Now, to speak of
these terms, we must
understand the concept of what
evolution in physical variety
means.
Your physical bodies are a
part of your non-physical self
manifested for
experience sake alone.
So you are here
only to experience.
Most of you believe
that there is
a big thing that must be done
or a large journey or a purpose.
Or my mission is
a word often used
to come to Earth is to free
the minds of all things.
Yes.
That is acceptable.
That is great if that is
what you decide to do.
But the over soul sent you
in the first place only
to experience and
gather experiences.
So as your human evolution
goes, your growth in age
shows you what you have to
experience in your existence.
With an average span
of hundred years
at the most for most
humans these days,
this is a part of
the evolution that
has grown exponentially before.
And you see your 40
years and 50 years.
Now you are at 100.
100, a great number,
nicely rounded
to experience a greatly
rounded experience.
Now you are in fourth
density consciousness.
You are in fifth
dimensional consciousness.
This is a great leap and bound.
Most of you are not aware of
the leap that you have made.
Most of you are not
aware of the growth
that you have experienced.
So what you still
experience is much of what
you did in your fourth density
predecessor, third density.
You experience a
lifespan of 100 years.
You experience death,
pain, all of these things.
But in the fifth dimensional
process and the fourth density
process, what you
are experiencing
is expansion beyond a point
that you would recognize
yourself to be as human.
And this is why we define this
with the scale of consciousness
integration.
When you are experiencing an
integration of consciousness
from higher fractal
consciousness to the lower
fractal consciousness, your
fifth dimensional shift
brings you a great deal more.
For instance, the majority of
human beings living in earth
experience 10% of
their overall essence,
what you defined previously as
lower fractal consciousness.
As you grow and expand, that is
up to 20%, perhaps 22.5% or 25%
for the very highest
of conscious beings
upon your planet.
Once you begin to embrace
the fifth dimensional self
that you are, that will
jump quite largely.
It will be in the
areas of up to 35%.
This means that all
of what you are you
can now experience
up to 35% of it.
If you experience 100%,
for reference sake,
of your overall
essence, you would
be at the end of sixth density.
You would be unlimited.
You would be able to
transport your physical body
not only from place to place
in the physical universe,
but also into different
levels of reality,
different matrices,
different points of reference
of consciousness that
are not understood
to be points of reference
in this reality alone.
>> OK.
That raises some questions.
So going back to
the lifespan, if we
were to use 100% of
our consciousness,
what would the
estimated lifespan be?
Would we not even have
a lifespan anymore?
How would that work?
How many years in
Earth years terms
would we end up living to?
>> Yes.
In the sixth density experience,
there is no life and death.
It is incarnation and
leaving the physical body.
These are two different terms.
Now you are in a system where
by natural cause, you are born,
you age, time becomes
linear, and then you die.
In our experience,
there are races
that we have come
into contact with that
are in the sixth density
consciousness that
can live for hundreds of
thousands of your earth years.
>> And just to even
back up further,
so you are a sixth
density being?
>> Yes.
>> Sixth dimensional
or seventh dimensional?
How would you define that?
>> If you are looking in
dimensions themselves,
we are sixth
dimensional entities.
>> OK.
Is it possible for a human
in the third density,
fourth density
consciousness and, say,
be born in third density
and then expand and evolve
within that density's
consciousness all the way up
until the sixth density within
one lifetime, so to say?
Has that ever happened?
Has that been done before?
>> That has never been done
within this universal construct
before.
There is a natural form
of evolution that comes.
When you are born
in a third density
and arise to the fourth density,
most entities upon most planets
that are much less resistant
than the human consciousness,
the integration
of consciousness,
end up only exploring the
first fifth percentile
of the fourth density, which
can be very expansive compared
to your realities
in third density.
For instance, humans
experience the lack of ability
to heal one's self with thought
alone on a shorter term.
The ability to manifest
what you desire
within a very timely cost
or a short timely cost.
So you are experiencing
manifestations
that in some of your experiences
take years to experience.
Healing that can be done
over months or years.
In the fifth
percentile for density,
you can instantly manifest
healing to your physical body.
You are able to
manifest something
within minutes, hours, or even
if you are very good at it,
you are able to manifest things
at almost an instant rate
or instant by comparison to
your terms of instantaneous.
>> So we have had beings
and records of beings
on our planet--
for example Jesus or Buddha
or even Muhammad-- who have
had these great powers, these
great abilities to manifest,
to do things.
What density would you
classify these beings in?
And did they start
off in third density
and then they evolve into,
say, fourth or fifth density
within this planetary
constraints, I guess?
How would you define
them in a density?
>> In all of those cases, they
do come from a higher density.
Most of them fall,
with exception
of some entities that have
been your teachers coming
from fifth.
But that is their consciousness.
When they are born
onto the Earth planet
into a physical body, they are,
for all intents and purposes,
third density beings.
But the great thing of
Jesus or Muhammad or Krishna
or all of these entities that
you experience as third density
guards or teachers or the
greatest of magicians,
for some of your
mindsets, these entities
showed you the prowess
of third density beings.
These entities showed you a
peek into the fourth density
consciousness.
This is why they seem to be
such extraordinary energies.
They integrated more portions
of their own higher fractal
consciousness into their
physical reality of the lower
fractal consciousness
and showed you
what instantaneous
manifestation could be.
Now, what most humans are not
understanding about this point
is that in that
moment, all of you
could have done what Jesus
was doing had it not been
for the collective resistance.
In fact, you can do
everything that Jesus once
did now in this moment.
But because of your
beliefs and resistance,
it is very infrequent
that this occurs.
>> I see.
And so in essence,
that collective belief
is sort of what's keeping this
collective reality intact.
So if someone were to sort
of stand out and evolve
into fourth or fifth
density consciousness
and the collective
hasn't gotten there,
would they just leave
this reality altogether?
Would they die or ascend,
so to say, separately
from the collective?
>> Let us ask you one question.
In your biblical terms, in
your own terms of history,
what happened to Jesus?
He was not well accepted.
So for the most part, the
collective consciousness
has a way to flush
those energies out.
But Jesus was not with you in
the fourth density time period.
You are now all entering
and have entered quite well
the fourth density.
Entering comes in the
points of perception.
Once an entity manifest
themselves fully
into that fourth
density consciousness,
integrates more portion of the
higher fractal consciousness,
they will start to experience
the greater experience,
be damned if any others
agree or do not agree.
That is not the question
here in fourth density.
>> OK.
So yeah.
No matter what, nothing can
stop the individual's evolution
is basically what you're saying.
Nothing will stop that.
>> Yes.
And even in your experiences
pre-fourth density,
third density entities were
able to tap into the highest
portions of themselves.
This is partially to do
with the human connection
to all densities above.
>> So this greater ascension
of humanity is basically,
in other words-- and no
offense to anybody out there--
but we're all becoming Jesus.
We're all kind of
ascending like Jesus
did in his consciousness
and his awareness.
>> Yes.
When you are looking at the
concept of Christ himself,
many terms have been come
across the years of you deemed
to be something similar
to Christ consciousness.
>> So the Christ consciousness.
So many people, the
second coming of Christ--
they use this term the
doesn't necessarily
mean the individual
being is going to
show up on the planet
and save the day, so to say.
But it's a collective
consciousness of humanity
is entering into this.
Is that fair to
say in those terms
that we all as a collective is
the second coming of Christ?
>> In that essence, when you are
looking at the terms of second
coming of Jesus or Christ, yes.
This is what you
are speaking of.
It is the reintegration of your
abilities to be as Jesus was.
But in the term
Christ consciousness,
this is something
a bit different.
>> OK.
>> There are collective groups
of higher density beings that
interact with all
planet all the time.
>> I see.
>> We are one entity within a
larger group of energies that
co-create certain
experiences with humans.
Your Christ consciousness
was a manifestation
of a collective
consciousness in order
to help directly humans
understand their potential
to be as I am, but
to be much more.
These similar words
spouted from the Bible.
But it is a
representation of what
the Christ consciousness is.
We will show you what
you are capable of.
We will show you that if
you desire the greatest
of expansion, you may have it.
And this is what Christ
consciousness is.
And for instance, looking
into the Christ consciousness,
perhaps it is not fair to deem
it the Christ consciousness.
Many great entities came
from this consciousness
through your collective.
Jesus was one of them.
As you have expressed,
Buddha, Krishna, Muhammad,
all of these great teachers who
have showed you both miracles
and the greatest way of thought
process and the greatest
way of heart, those
entities come directly
from this collective
consciousness.
>> I see.
So in essence, like
in the past, we've
had channelings from
the Pleiadian Collective
or Arcturian energies,
Arcturian collectives,
this collective consciousness
similar to our ET
consciousness.
It's its own kind
of consciousness.
Maybe not necessarily from
the Pleiadian star system,
but it's its own kind
of collective beings
who carry this frequency.
Is that fair to say?
>> Yes.
This is a very fair term.
But to expand perhaps
a small part of that,
a collective is
any entities that
are in a co-creative effort.
And by co-creative
effort, what we mean,
their excitement
excitements align
through synchronicities of
being able to join their energy
for one common purpose.
So what we are saying--
for example, 100 entities spread
throughout 1,000 star systems
come to the forefront to express
we desire to help humanity.
We desire to help
earth and humans
in the planetary consciousness
with whatever means possible.
Now, their physical
bodies may join
in one area for a meeting
or a group connection.
But in essence, their
collective consciousness
is much greater than this.
Their collective is the
essence and the sum total
of all of their fractal
consciousnesses combined.
They are able to
think a thought.
They are able to think a
purpose for a better scenario
to connect with humans
and create such a scenario
through instant manifestations.
This means that in your
Jesus landing where Jesus
came to your planet, that Christ
collective consciousness desire
to show you through example
in the area of Jerusalem,
in the area of Israel,
to show those people
through their own beliefs of
the ancient Hebrew Bible of what
was possible and how to
reconnect a different mindset
through a population that
was controlled through fear.
So they manifest the physical
incarnation of Jesus.
It was not one entity that
said I will come into Earth
and be this entity.
It was the collective
consciousness's thought
process, their co-create
of excitement that helped
formed an energy that
came into an incarnation
to be a human being.
>> So we're on this
term of collective.
And I think this is a good way
to kind of define and explain
this to our audience.
Would it be safe to say we have
the United States of America,
nations, countries, religions.
Would each one of
these belief systems,
each one of these nations,
have their own consciousnesses,
their own collectives that
would together work and have
its own essence, to say?
>> Yes.
This is quite akin to
what we are speaking of.
When you are looking at
the division and lines
of common interests,
this is completely
resonant with the idea.
>> Almost like we've
had in the past.
Football teams that
get very out of hand,
and then they start
to riot almost.
Or even when we
had the LA riots.
And this is almost because
one individual starts it,
but then the whole thing
gets out of control.
And that is sort of
the kind of tapping
into this collective
energy, that it spreads
throughout the hive, so to say?
Is that another way to say it?
Is that sort of a collective
consciousness for ball teams?
Is that a collective?
>> Yes.
Anything that comes
for a common purpose.
Now, what you are speaking
of where one entity expresses
something and whether an
entity thinks it or feels it,
this are covering
two concepts that we
would call the hive mind, but
also the 100th monkey effect.
Both of those are very akin
to what you are speaking up.
But anything can be a
collective consciousness.
>> I see.
>> Yourself, Rob, and Kalina
in this area, in this day,
are the interview with
extra dimensional collective
consciousness for this moment.
All who listen afterwards join
the collective, et cetera.
>> Right.
And so in essence--
this is what I was getting.
So myself, Rob, and Kalina
gathering together here,
we're kind of making an
energetic baby, so to say,
with the three of us unionized.
And there's this
energy that's created,
this collective of the three.
And though it may
not manifest itself
in a physical sort of baby
[LAUGHS] we can hold in cradle,
but that energy is
there, that essence.
And that is its own collective.
Is that is that OK to say?
Energetic baby to define
these collective consciousness
is more of an energy?
>> Yes.
Energetics are a part of it.
The thought process
is a part of it.
Energy of excitement
is part of it.
Intent also a part.
There are many facets.
But yes, this is a
very good definition
of the collective consciousness.
>> Fascinating.
OK.
Great.
Well, moving along, in
definitions it seems to be--
I think this is the
definition episode [LAUGHS]
of extra dimensionals.
I wanted to talk about
timelines and grids.
And I think these are also
two terms that come up a lot.
And multiple timelines,
multiple universes.
Could you explain to myself and
to the audience your perception
on how we can so easily--
it's been told to us from
other extra dimensionals--
that we're constantly
shifting timelines
from one timeline to the next?
And I know individually,
we're recreating ourselves
in every moment, billions of
potentials and possibilities
and synchronicities
coming together.
But can you explain maybe
on the individual level
as well as on the
collective level how
these timeline shifts--
how we can so easily shift
from one to the other?
And what are the
mechanisms behind all this?
>> Yes.
First of all, we must place
this in an orientation for all
to understand.
Understanding that there
is no timeline specifically
or no finite area
of space in which
is defined and permanent--
all things exist
within the now--
and want to grasp that
concept, it is much easier
to express the
further of timelines
or concrete mechanisms
in use of timeline.
So let us first address
what is a timeline?
A timeline defined
by most entities
are what can occur along
an energy if not changed.
If its pathway is not changed,
then that line is more forward.
But to express it in
a more simple route,
let us express it in this way.
There are probabilities of
all things at all times.
Any entity upon your
own planet or any entity
within this universe
has an infinite amounts
of probabilities that they
can do in each moment.
For instance,
timelines of earth have
experiences where all
entities will evolve
into another entity or another
consciousness altogether,
something you would see
as extraterrestrial.
There are timelines in where
all Earth humans stay upon earth
and stay in the collective
consciousness of Earth.
There are multiple
probabilities,
and that's what timelines are.
They are probabilities
that have not had energy
placed or focused into them.
>> So basically potentials.
Timelines are just
potential realities.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> And there are infinite
amounts of potential realities.
Now, we understand
that many of you
see timelines to be
finite or see timelines--
most of you have called Akashic
records a finite timeline.
This is what I am here to do.
This is my pathway.
So in our perceptions,
any probability
of any action or
mindset will cause
you to go in another
vibrational direction.
And that is what we would see
as changing your timeline.
Any vibrational dictation of
thought, belief, or actions
can place you into another
area or timeline altogether.
But in our
terminology, we prefer
to call this shifting
through your twin soul.
And this is a concept that
shows the mechanism of how
you choose your reality.
>> So I see.
I kind of--
I just got a glimpse of--
I've been using
this analogy of late
of a drop of water in the ocean,
let's say the human experience
being the individual
drop of water.
But we're in this vast ocean
of infinite possibilities.
So we are still the
ocean when we're
a drop of water in the
ocean, but we're still
the individual drop of water.
And can I use this analogy?
I mean, I guess I just saw it.
Can I use this
analogy as the ocean
being the infinite possibilities
that already exist?
And this drop of water can
just navigate through the ocean
as depending on
where it wants to go,
depending on its
choices, its actions?
>> Yes.
This is very resonant.
The concept and idea of
choosing one portion of reality
through a means or desire
amongst the infinite
amounts around them.
>> So everything that has
happened, could happen,
and did happen is all in
this ocean of potentialities.
That's essentially a timeline?
>> Yes.
Anything that has happened, will
happen, or is happening now.
>> Well, is it possible to
have more than one timeline?
I mean, obviously, there's
many different timelines.
But all timelines I guess exist
in this infinite potential
of ocean.
>> Yes.
Are you speaking of the concept
of experiencing two timelines
at once?
>> No, I wasn't
thinking about that.
But let's explore that idea.
I'd like to go there.
Is that possible?
And how does that work?
>> Yes.
It has occurred on all planets
since the beginning of mankind.
Most of you call this
multiple personality disorder,
schizophrenia, where an entity
changes the whole persona
within themselves, and
often several times.
When an entity that
you see as mentally ill
expresses that their
personalities then
take on names and identities,
and each one of them
are quite independently
different from the other.
[CLEARS THROAT] When you
are looking specifically
at certain examples that have
been given through your media,
but also through
history, you see
that there was one
woman who existed
on your planet who did artwork.
And each entity or each
specific persona within her
did an art that was so vastly
different that professionals
who look and
critique art were not
able to tell that it
came from the same woman.
So is this a mental thing?
Is it a brain thing?
Is it something of personalities
in the psyche of a human?
Yes and no.
And the no portion is
that this physical body
was given in the incarnation
to be a place where entities
can exchange their
timelines, where they
can run simultaneous timelines.
This entity is
having six personas,
but it is literally
six different entities
shifting their perceptions,
going backwards and forwards
from one to the other.
Often it occurs to people who
do not have this condition
and they are not
even aware of this.
They go by a road that they
have driven down 1,000 times
and say there is something
in this road I have never
seen before.
Well, you are shifting
into that reality.
And some days you see
it, some days you do not.
It is because you
are literally jumping
into a different reality.
When you are thinking
of switching timelines,
we think it is
important to speak
of the mechanism
with which you do.
This will allow you not
only a bit of reference,
but also it will give
you an understanding
of how you are able to shift
into the reality you desire.
So let us first look
at the over soul.
We believe that Rob has given
you a great definition of this
that we have touched upon this.
That is the essence of all
things in the future, past,
and present references
of consciousness,
actual availability through your
higher fractal consciousness.
Now, when you look
at that, there
are 144,000 over souls
in the human Earth
collective consciousness.
Now, in the beginning
of the Earth collective,
in the beginning
of all collectives
of planetary
consciousnesses that
are inhabited by a third
density or higher beings,
there is often the mitosis state
spawning of an entity from one
over soul to the next,
which is called a twin soul.
Now, this entity is an exact
replica of the first entity,
but the internal mechanisms
that work are not the same.
When you look at
an over soul, that
has a point of reference
of consciousness
where focus is being placed.
For instance, you yourself
have experienced this day
sitting across from
myself through Rob
looking at your leg.
That is one portion of yourself.
That is one portion
that is being focused on
in this moment.
Natural reality.
The places of
non-focus, the Rubens
who would be in other
places of this country,
or even in the same place
with a different portion
of experience, those
are probabilities.
>> Correct.
>> Those are within
the twin soul.
That is what the twin
souls experience is for.
It is to give all
probabilities of reality
and to place them in
order for the twin souls
exchange of the over souls
to the experience that
is focused on in that moment.
So what we mean by
this is the over soul
is desiring an experience, and
it is dictated by vibration.
It is dictated by preference of
thought, preference of belief,
preference of actions
in each moment.
And in that moment,
when you yourself
decide to have another
experience or vibration
that you attract and
experience, then the twin soul
gives you the new
experience to have.
It is giving you the
opportunity to exchange
all of the reality around
you with a new one.
And you do this literally
thousands of times per second.
You do it millions of times
per moment and infinite amounts
of times in your existence.
You are literally
changing realities
of where your focus is with the
twin soul for the experience
of focus to be experienced.
Now, in the twin soul, infinite
amounts of probabilities
unfold.
So when you are
experiencing this experience
but you decide quickly to
reach down and touch your foot,
the oversold knows that
that is a high probability
that it could happen.
So those periods
of consciousness
are set in the direct
focus of the twin soul.
It knows that there
is a high probability
of experiencing that
within the experience,
putting into perhaps affect the
concept of knowing the belief
systems, knowing that
your action mechanisms
and knowing that
your thoughts are
around the area of probability.
Then in exchanging
that probability,
it exchanges it quite easily.
It exchanges it without
hesitation or resistance.
When exchanging the harder
things, the larger things,
the parts that are way
outside of your normality,
then it comes at a much further
reach for the twin soul.
We've given the
example before if you
place a deck of
cards in front of you
and then place cards to
the side in both directions
for an infinite amount,
that is similar to how
the twin soul decides.
You yourself now, here is
the deck in front of you
or the card in front of you.
The cards to the right and
left are only slight variances.
For instance,
dropping your camera,
for instance, boats
going by, for instance,
all things that could happen
that are fairly likely.
And the ones that
are way outside, that
are further than both
arms lengths apart
is where experiences that you
never thought could happen
could happen, but your vibration
will bring them because
of a belief system change.
This incorporates a
tornado hitting instantly,
a lightning bolt destroying
the area in front of you.
Not something you
would think about,
not something you
would desire to happen,
believe could happen.
It is furthest away.
The twin soul will go through
and hand the over soul
any desired expectational
or not, any experience that
is in your reality that
you bring to vibrationing.
That is the mechanism
of how probabilities
are pulled into your reality
and where your focus dictates.
>> Is it similar--
can we use the card
analogies in the idea
of the evolution through
densities that we were speaking
of earlier when a third density
being is using this card system
to evolve, to go up into
a higher density to--
like you were saying,
it's unlikely for one card
just to all of a sudden
be in another higher
dimensional density
consciousness.
You would have to evolve through
it in a card by card process.
>> Yes.
We could use this example.
But in the essence of
your growth as a soul,
it is a much different
mechanism that is used.
>> Oh, OK.
>> The over soul dictates the
overall experience and lets
the fractal consciousness
go free at will.
This is where the term
free will comes into play.
>> I see.
>> So the essence of your
lower and higher fractalized
consciousness combined is
able to do whatever it desires
in any moment due to
the free will it gives,
knowing that even if the fractal
does not do what it originally
intends to do or not do what the
over soul originally intended
it to do, it will still bring
forth a valid and important
learning experience
for the overall.
Understand when you
experience your essence,
although you are
singular, although you
are your own entity,
the overall over soul
experiences it as well.
So this means every
past incarnation,
every future incarnation,
every parallel incarnation
within the twin soul will have
access to your experience.
This means that when you
finally enter the last portions
of your sixth density
consciousness,
and for lack of better terms,
graduate physical reality,
rejoining the over
soul in its entirety,
you will be able to draw on all
experiences by every fractal,
whether it has been focused
upon or not, whether it remained
in the twin soul or whether
it came over to the over soul
to be experienced.
>> And that's kind of where
you are with your evolutionary
stage?
You've done it all?
[LAUGHS] You've
experienced it all?
>> Yes.
>> In all the different
densities up until the sixth?
>> Yes.
In that essence, we are not
completely done, otherwise,
we would no longer be
in a physical body.
So we have not
experienced everything.
But believing that
this incarnation could
be one of the last
incarnations I spin, yes, this
is quite accurate.
>> And as we move up in
consciousnesses, densities,
awarenesses, do we
sort of get an idea--
like you said, you
sort of have an idea
that this might be your last--
how do you know it's
sort of your last one?
Did you know going
from fourth to fifth
or fifth or sixth densities?
Did you kind of
know at that time
that OK, this is probably
the last one in this density?
Did you have that awareness?
>> In the fifth density, when
graduating into the fifth
density from fourth density,
there was an awareness that
the lesson to be learned of
unconditional love was well
received, that I as a fractal
going through that experience
knew all that I could know
about unconditional love.
I felt the oneness
in which I was.
And this is the
graduating postmark
of an entity is going
through the full density
of unconditional love.
Therefore, there
was an understanding
that it was probable,
but I did not
know for sure until I was
done with the fifth density.
In the end of the fifth dynasty
joining into the sixth density,
the fractal consciousness
that I was understood well
it was the last
incarnation and knew
that unless there
was a great change
in the overall collective
energy of our race
that that would be it
for that entire day.
Knowing the same in this
incarnation that Aridif--
that you know as Aridif--
will be the last Denebian
or ancient Pleiadian
incarnation and the last
physical one rejoining the over
soul.
That is the truth
I understand now.
Yes.
>> Since you brought it
up, Denebian or Pleiadian,
that is who you are.
But could you explain a
little bit about your history?
Ancient Pleiadian.
How does that differ from maybe
some of the other Pleiadian
consciousnesses or
beings that we've
had visitations from already?
Can you explain that?
>> Yes.
Simply the term Denebian
is quite as it sounds.
We are from a star
that is called Deneb.
Therefore, we are in the
consciousness of Denebian.
Now, when you are looking at
the ancient Pleiadian term,
this is something different.
Pleiades as most of you are
aware of is a region of stars
within this galactic
consciousness that
incorporate tens of
thousands or more of races.
When you are looking into
the concept of the Pleiades,
there are humanoids,
insectoids, reptilians,
all varieties of entities
that you could perceive.
Our origin as a race
came from the area
that you call Pleiades.
We left that star region to
inhabit a new home, one that is
in a star that's called Deneb.
Now, in leaving, we
brought the entirety
of our race to co-create a
larger energetic space for us
to expand and to thrive.
So understanding
the ancient part
of the words "ancient
Pleiadian" come from the concept
that we are no longer
inhabiting the Pleiades.
>> I see.
Was there any
genetic manipulation
when you migrated
to the Deneb star?
Or was it still
essentially the same
as the Pleiadian energy,
the Pleiadian DNA?
>> Yes.
When you are looking
at Pleiadian,
let us confirm to you that
this is a blanket term.
When we use that word, we
are encompassing all things
that come from Pleiadian.
>> OK.
>> So in that term, we
had our own DNA throughout
the traveling from the Pleiades
to the planet that is called
Deneb.
But our DNA was changed.
It was not
manipulated in the way
that another race or
ourself genetically modified
our own DNA.
But it was changed.
And there is a reason
why DNA changes
when a race moves from their
home star to a new star.
This is an incorporation
of the new race's
collective consciousness
with the new planetary
consciousness also involved
in the solar system.
But this is expansive,
and we will stay
to the planetary collective.
Once the planetary
consciousness integrates
into the new collective
consciousness that is also
a seventh density lower
collective consciousness,
then the two energies
tend to merge.
This creates a new
energy both through DNA,
but also in the physical body.
Our physical bodies
have remained
intact because of our own energy
with only slight differences
within it.
>> So the planet Deneb, you said
it was a seventh density planet
at the time when you inhabit it?
>> No, it was not a
seventh density planet.
What we were saying
about the seventh density
is that the entirety of the new
planet in which we inhabited
was a seventh density being.
Your Earth is a
seventh density being.
>> Oh, I see.
I see.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> And also a collective
consciousness is a seventh
density being.
When you are looking at
all the humans combined
upon your planet, every
over soul, all 144,000,
that is what a lower
seventh density entity is.
One over soul, lower
seventh density.
The higher seventh
density is all
of the over souls combined
manifesting a physical planet
into reality.
So both are called.
Both the planet and the
collective consciousness
that we were bringing
ourselves to the planet true
seventh density
entities combined,
creating a new entity,
a new seventh density
co-created collective
consciousness.
>> So with that in
mind, yourself, Aridif,
going into the seventh
density consciousness,
will that mean you will
have fractalized versions
of yourself as like we are
in third density humans?
You will have these
kind of third density
fractals of yourself in the
seventh density consciousness?
>> What it means for the
first moment stepping
into the seventh
density reference point,
what it means is I will
finally be able to achieve
the understanding of all
things within the over soul.
Being able to perceive every
incarnation in the timeline
as you see linearly
passed forwards.
And now I will be able
to experience, to see,
to feel all of those things.
But in order to fractalize
our own consciousness again,
we must start a new
incarnation cycle.
Once the seventh density
being as a over soul
agrees to co-create with
each other over souls,
which in our part, the highest
probable course of action
will be that every over soul
within Denebian consciousness
will co-create an
experience to grow
a new planet, a new
collective consciousness,
and start from scratch again.
>> So seventh density, using
Rob's analogy of consciousness,
is literally going to--
can we use seventh
density consciousness
as the crown chakra?
Is that related in that sense?
And once we leave
the crown, we're
not embodied in the
physical body anymore?
>> If you use the seventh
density to co-relate with
the seventh chakra, then
it would be in finality.
All things below combined.
>> I see.
Everything combined
in that sense.
>> Yes.
Now, it's said there is more
dimensions past the seventh
and going into eighth,
ninth, 10th, and even 12th,
and now recently
heard 13th dimensions.
How does that work?
Those are all collective
consciousnesses, I'm assuming.
>> Now, when most speak of
dimensions, they are, in fact,
truly speaking of matrices.
Now, matrices can be expanded.
And there are 12 matrices
within this universe.
Each would be perceivable
as a higher dimensional
plane, although it is
not truly what they are.
But in the essence of densities,
there are also 13 densities.
This is an evolution
of consciousness.
Above the physical
reality, there
is nothing to experience
from the perspective
of a physical entity.
It is all energetic
understanding.
It is being in a
non-physical sense.
It is experiencing connection
to all other things.
So in a density reference,
there are above seven.
Eighth, ninth, all
the way through 13.
In dimensions,
there are literally
only seven that are
experienceable in this matrix.
>> Can we define
matrix a little bit?
That term also I've
heard, and I don't
think I have a clear definition
of when you say this matrix.
So there's more
than this matrix.
What is a matrix?
>> A matrix is a level within a
universal construct that is its
own environment.
Now, understand, it is a
parallel version of something
that is above and below it,
but it enhances connection
to create a source energy.
So what we are saying, in
this universe, in this galaxy,
in this specific solar
system, on this planet
you call Earth that
we are sitting in now,
what we can tell you is that
there are 12 versions of Earth,
one in each matrix.
Now, we understand
each matrix has
infinite amounts
of probabilities,
different versions.
But for all intents
and purposes,
there are 12 direct
versions of this Earth
of this solar system,
of all of the planets
within this solar system, and
every portion of the galaxy
throughout.
Now, when you are
looking at it, what
is different in the
versions is the awareness
of the entities within them.
The first layer of
evolution in matrix,
the first matrix itself,
is what most of you
consider to be lifeless
or non cultures planets.
These are where experiences
from lower consciousnesses
are not able to directly
connect to create
a source in any fashion.
They are completely
disengaged and disconnected.
The next level upwards,
there is more awareness.
Then when you are going
to the very top essence,
the 12th matrix, this
is what most of you
perceive as archangel
consciousness.
These are entities who
directly converse with God.
In the biblical sense,
they are connecting to God,
speaking to God.
But in the truer essence, the
way we would perceive this,
these beings are directly
communicating with creator
energy, with source energy.
And this is different
in the way that most
see a sixth density
in this matrix
to communicate with the
essence of all that is.
Because even our
ability to connect
to every single consciousness
within this entire universe
is very small in comparison.
So in this 12th matrix where the
archangel consciousnesses live,
there is a collective
consciousness for Earth.
And that is the
archangels in your Bible,
the entities who inhabit
Earth on the 12th matrix.
When you look out
into the universe,
many more planets are
inhabited by different beings.
And often, these are the gods of
those planets that some of you
hear of.
These are the entities that are
directly connected to source.
Now, it is not just beings
that are sentient in your mind.
They are not just
beings that are aware.
They are even the
first density entities.
The first entity entities
here are rocks and stones
and electricity.
But in the 12th matrix, those
are silver and platinum.
They are high
vibrational frequencies
that are able to
directly connect
to creator consciousness
and start a dialogue.
>> Could we relate these
matrices to this universal
infinite potential soup, the
ocean of what some scientists
like to call the field?
Would the matrix be a
good term for this field?
>> Yes, it can be a part of that
infinite ocean probabilities
that you were speaking of.
But in the way, it is not
an evolutionary point.
It is a vibrational point.
So once you are
non-physical, once you
have achieved
incarnation cycles,
there are cycles of cycles.
This is the system of
the universe at whole.
It is cylindrical or
cycle oriented in nature.
When you achieve all of the
incarnations within a matrix
that you desire to
achieve, once you
gain the access to be an entire
collective consciousness,
once you have entered the
consciousness of 11th density
being, then you are able to
start at your new matrix.
Once you have achieved that
11th density being, or at least
in the 10th density variety
of all things below,
feeling into your
universal consciousness,
that is when you
are able to achieve.
So it is not
something that you are
able to say I must go
into now the next matrix
so I will be able
to explore, at least
not at the point of evolution
in which you are today.
For instance, an
entity as myself,
one who has mastered
consciousness for better terms
or for better terms
of expression,
we have mastered
consciousness to the degree
that we are able to
transfer our consciousness
into another matrix.
We are only able to peek
ourselves into the next
above and below us.
But we are not able to just run
and jump into the 12th matrix.
What we are able to
do is see experiences
from a third party perspective
in matrices below and above us.
This is something that most
sixth density beings who
are fully aware of
themselves are able to do.
But we are not able
to go into that matrix
and experience being a part of
the collective in the matrix.
>> We're talking situations
that are probably still far away
from where humanity is going.
I mean, we're going to
get there eventually.
But we're just-- this
area where you're at,
it seems to be still a bit
off from the human experience.
>> Yes.
And let us put it very bluntly.
When you no longer
have a reference point
for humanity itself
of being human
or having a Earth
experience, that
is when you will be able
to truly integrate yourself
into the next matrix.
You must assimilate
all experiences
within galactic consciousnesses.
And every single star that
has a planet around it,
you must understand
what it is to be
the planet, the
inhabitants of the planet,
the star, the combined
stars for a galaxy, all
of the planets and stars within,
and all galaxies throughout.
And then you will be
able to experience
the jumping of matrix.
>> When kind of--
I guess it seems to
be all intertwined.
The matrices, the densities,
the dimensions, and timelines.
These are all sort of
intertwined terms and ideas
and concepts.
Am I correct in saying that?
>> For the most part, they
are all part of this universal
concept.
This entity that you know as
the 11th density being that
is the entirety
of this universe,
they are all part
and parcel or part
of connecting to one another.
It's all one portion
of consciousness.
So yes, in that essence, it is.
>> And if we're talking
about 12th density beings
or collectives, where they're
beyond the 11th density
universe that we have, so are
they a collective of universes?
>> In common sense, that would
be an intuitive statement.
But in the way that
it works, it is not.
>> OK.
>> The 12th density is what
we would call the God brain.
For lack of better
terms, for human's sake,
we call it the God brain.
It is the stopping
and checking point
for all universal
consciousnesses
to be able to integrate with
creator consciousness, which
is the 13th density.
>> Creator consciousness.
So once you get to
the 13th density,
then you can start creating
new consciousnesses?
>> No.
>> Quite the opposite.
You are able to create
consciousness on all levels.
Even in the human mind, in
your point of evolution,
you are creating
certain essences.
Now, it might not be
a universal essence.
But once you achieve
the integration back
into the 11th density
being, then you
are able to recreate it.
Now, even your 11th dynasty
universal consciousness
and your perception would
be able to have a cycle.
This universe that you are
in, it is infinite in energy.
It is infinite in probabilities.
But what it is not
infinite in is time here.
It will exist.
It was born.
It will die much as
the human life does.
"Dying" is such a harsh word.
We would not use that word.
But it is a cycle.
It incarnates, and then
it leaves its incarnation.
So the universe as
a physical entity
will exist and not
exist at one point.
Once it stops existing,
then it has its opportunity
to be non-physical
12th dimensional,
or even if you are perceiving
it to be 11th density being that
reconstructs itself in
a new incarnation cycle.
So it is having a cycle.
Just as your human
experience lives
one life, dies,
has another, that
is your reincarnation cycle.
The 11th density being
has a reincarnation cycle
of growing, spawning,
creating a universe,
collapsing, and then
starting a whole new one.
>> So when we talk about the
big bang in our universal--
everything known
in the universe,
we're talking just
about this 11th density
being known as our universe?
>> Yes.
And in that 11th density
being, there are 12 matrices.
In each matrix, there are six
densities of physical beings.
And there are more all
the way to the 13th when
you are looking at
numbers or perhaps
seven equivalent
non-physical energies.
But we are not counting
creator or God brain.
So it brings us back down to
five, mixing with the sixes,
calls 11th energies
within each density.
And that is a portion
of consciousness
that is universal in
this universe alone.
Each universal consciousness
is its own entity.
Just as you are
experiencing your journey,
creating film, doing all of
the things that you have done,
each universe does the same.
Each structure within each
universe is quite different.
So you experience
a universe that
has no physical beings upon it.
That is universe.
It will experience
its own incarnation.
It experiences perhaps spawning
of sound vibrations and light,
and those entities
grow and experience
their own evolutionary cycle.
So it is not something that
is finite or everything
is the same.
Everything is quite different.
Infinite amounts of
universal consciousnesses,
if you take all of those,
combine them, add them
to the 12th density being
you call a God brain, that
is the creator consciousness.
And it is infinite,
it is ever expanding.
There are universal
consciousnesses
that are similar to this, such
as versions of Rubin and Rob
sitting in a chair
doing something
that is very similar that
is not within this universe.
And there are universes that are
so different that there is not
people standing.
There is not even
planets or stars.
There is not galaxies.
There is empty space with
musical notes jumping
from one energy to the next.
And there is everything
that you can imagine
and quite more that
is hard to imagine.
>> I was going to ask that.
I always wondered, and
it seems in our universe,
in this particular one that we
keep interacting with higher
dimensional beings,
there seems to be
a common theme of
humanoid, bipedal entities
that have a more expanded
heightened awareness
and tend to go through
this evolutionary cycle.
And I was going to ask.
It seems now you kind
of answered my question.
And that's just
maybe a trademark
of this particular universe.
Is that correct?
>> Yes, it is a trademark of
this universal consciousness.
The bipedal format
is one in which
consciousness
through the archetype
of the universal construct
grows and evolves.
>> But there are,
like you just said,
other universes that don't
even have bipedal entities,
that they may just have
vibrational sound or light
or something else.
>> Yes.
And each is so significantly
different from the next,
even if they are
completely similar,
they are so different in the
way that things are experienced
or perceived that life as
you understand it is actually
quite different in experiencing
the difference between the two.
>> Is it possible for us in our
universe to overlap and venture
into some of these other
universes and worlds?
Or is that just--
do we have to finish this
experience and this universe
and then go on to
another universe?
>> Yes.
You must finish in
order to incorporate
and directly experience that.
You must come back
into your portion
of 11th density entity that
is universal consciousness.
But once you achieve
the non-physical state
above the seventh density,
when you integrate
to eighth, ninth,
and 10th density,
then you are able to bleed
through to the experiences
of other things.
You are able to perceive it
not in a first hand state,
but through experience
vibrational leftovers,
if you will.
Now, when you are
experiencing as a human,
there is ways to experience
seeing or perceiving
the other universes,
but it must be
through conscious integration.
You as a human must first
connect your higher fraction
of consciousness.
The higher fractal
consciousness then in turn
connects to the over soul, the
over soul to the higher seventh
density version, which is the
over soul collective, then
to your own star
system collective,
then to the galactic
collective, then
to the universal collective,
then to the God brain.
And that is how you must acquire
such visions or perceptions
of other universes.
>> Wow.
And in these other
universes, the rulebook
could be completely different--
I assume is completely different
than our rulebook in just
standard physics and gravity
and some of these basic elements
that we talked about earlier
in first density conscious.
The elements, the metals.
Some of these others don't
even have any of that stuff.
That's completely irrelevant
or is flip flopped
or whatever, right?
In that sense.
>> Yes.
And there, again,
are many that are
very similar to yours,
only slight tweaks
in the energy and rules.
But there are some that
have no same rules.
There is no gravity, no
electromagnetic force,
no nuclear forces
weak or strong.
There are literally no
recognizable perceptions
of that universe
that you could even
comprehend as an experience.
Let us use an example.
One universal construct
structure in which we are aware
is completely void
of all things.
It does not have visible light.
It does not have visible sound.
But the way that an
evolution is experienced
is shifting an energy in the
feeling of layers of darkness.
Now, understand no
universal consciousness
in the entirety of all of the
universe is void of two things.
Love and light.
And when we say light, we are
speaking of wisdom, but also
physical light.
The darkness levels in any
entity in this universe's eyes
could not see into
that universe.
But in their own perception, in
that universal consciousness,
being a chunk of
that dark energy
or a chunk of the
dark overall void,
you are able to see
different layers of darkness,
different layers
of enhancements,
all in the darkness
and the textures.
That is the experience.
And the evolution
is how well you
are able to see the
differences and to experience
the differences.
And it is not done from
a physical body at all.
It is done from
a chunk of energy
that is something between
plasma and electromagnetism.
>> So being the sixth and
seventh dimensional being that
you are, you've peered into some
of these other universes that
are completely different
in their creation?
>> Yes.
But of course, we have peered
into extraordinarily different
amounts of universal
consciousnesses,
the 11th density beings.
But we are not able
to understand fully
from experience.
We are only able to see
it from an external view.
But yes, we have been able
to experience many of these.
>> Have humans been able
to peer into these in some
of our science fiction
and some of our--
people have different
ideas of different worlds
and dimensions.
Can a human go into
these worlds as well?
>> Yes.
Any human is able to
do so by extracting
the proper amount
of information,
by going through what
you would perceive
as the chain of command, going
up into their consciousness
to the God brain energy and
being able to experience.
But the majority
of the energy that
has been incorporated
into any human perception
is at least within somewhat
of an understandable energy,
which means they are
accessing either things
from this universal
consciousness or things
from universal consciousnesses
which are so similar you
will not be able to discern.
Understanding in
this universe alone,
there are things that in the
human's mind scientifically
are impossible.
They are occurring
with the same laws
and the same universal
construct that you exist.
And this is just
within this galaxy.
When you go to other galaxies,
their incarnation cycles
are different.
Their expressions of what their
galaxy wishes to do as a total
are different.
So it gets even
weirder from there.
>> Sort of like
"Alice in Wonderland."
>> Yes.
>> Are you familiar
with that book?
>> This is a good reference.
Yes.
>> OK.
>> We have not read
the book ourselves,
but we understand what
Rob has read from it.
Yes.
>> OK.
And even some of us,
including myself,
have had some pretty wild
psychedelic experiences.
When we use these
plant medicines,
do they take us into
some of these realities,
into these other universes?
Or are still more in the
universal consciousnesses
of our own universe?
>> Yes.
First of all, looking at
entheogens, what it does
is it brings you to one of
multiple different levels that
brings you either between
the density which you reside
and the layer above it, which
we would call the ghost zones,
where humans after leaving
their physical bodies
tend to spend time and to evolve
until their next incarnation.
Or they are experiencing the
density directly above them.
Very infrequently an
entheogen will take you
to the fifth density.
But there are occurrences where
a human is evolved and expanded
in which it can.
>> I see.
Well, fantastic.
I don't want to take
up any more time.
I think you've enlightened
us with your words of wisdom
and your perspectives on things.
And I'm probably
going to have to watch
this 20 times (LAUGHING) to
really fully grasp it all.
Probably even more.
But thank you again
for being here
and everything you're doing.
And much loved.
>> Yes.
Thank you also.
It has been of our own
greatest excitement.
We bid you adieu.
[MUSIC PLAYING]